Base paper 1- On Denial of Service Attacks in Software Defined Networks
Software defined networking greatly simplifies network management by decoupling control functions from the network data plane. However, 
such a decoupling also opens SDN to various denial of service attacks: an adversary can easily exhaust network resources by flooding 
short-lived spoofed flows. Toward this issue, we present a comprehensive study of DoS attacks in SDN, and propose multi-layer fair queueing (MLFQ), a simple but
effective DoS mitigation method. MLFQ enforces fair sharing of an SDN controller’s resources with multiple layers of queues, which can dyna-
mically expand and aggregate according to controller load. Both testbed-based and emulation-based experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of MLFQ in
mitigating DoS attacks targeted at SDN controller.

Base Paper 2- SGuard: A Lightweight SDN Safe-Guard Architecture for DoS Attacks
Software Defined Networking (SDN) is a revolutionary networking paradigm towards the future network, experiencing rapid development 
nowadays. However, its main characteristic, the separation of control plane and data plane, also brings about new security challenges, i.e., Denial-of-Service (DoS) attacks
specific to OpenFlow SDN networks to exhaust the control plane bandwidth and overload the buffer memory of OpenFlow switch. To mitigate the DoS attacks in the OpenFlow
networks, we design and implement SGuard,a security application on top of the NOX controller that mainly contains two modules:Access control module and Classification
module. We employ novel six-tuple as feature vector to classify traffic flows, meanwhile optimizing classification by feature ranking
and selecting algorithms. All the modules will cooperate with each other to complete a series of tasks such as authorization, classification
and so on. At the end of this paper, we experimentally use Mininet to evaluate SGuard in a software environment. The results show that 
SGuard works efficiently and accurately without adding more overhead to the SDN networks.

Base Paper3- LineSwitch: Tackling Control Plane Saturation Attacks in Software-Defined Networking

Software defined networking (SDN) is a new networking paradigm that in recent years has revolutionized network architectures. At its core, SDN separates the data
plane, which provides data forwarding functionalities, and the control plane, which implements the network control logic. The separation of these two components provides a virtually
centralized point of control in the network, and at the same time abstracts the complexity of the underlying physical infrastructure.
Unfortunately, while promising, the SDN approach also introduces new attacks and vulnerabilities. Indeed, previous research shows that, 
under certain traffic conditions, the required communication between the control and data plane can result in a bottleneck. An attacker 
can exploit this limitation to mount a new, network-wide, type of denial of service attack, known as the control plane saturation attack. This paper presents LineSwitch,
an efficient and effective data plane solution to tackle the control plane saturation attack. LineSwitch employs probabilistic proxying and blacklisting of network traffic to prevent the attack
from reaching the control plane, and thus preserve network functionality. We implemented LineSwitch as an extension of the
reference SDN implementation, OpenFlow, and run a thorough set of experiments under different traffic and attack scenarios.
We compared LineSwitch to the state of the art, and we show that it provides at the same time, the same level of protection
against the control plane saturation attack, and a reduced time overhead by up to 30%.
